

           -------------------Tell me about yourself -----------------
   I have expirience in the various domains such as Healthcare,E-comerce, Insurance
   I do manual and automation testing.
   I started my career like a manual tester.while I improved my technical skills
     I learned Java programing language and automation tools, for ex:Selenium WebDriver for
     UI automation, RestAssured for API, for validate Database JDBC connection.
   Using these tools I build my framework from scratch. I'm using ' Page  Object Model in my framework ,there
   every page element go to one class and it makes easy to maintenance and to keep my code
   organized and clean and reusable
   I'm also using Pojo class for API testing, there I'm storing my data ,I can sirealize desiralize.
   And at the same time to be able to read Data from excel file I have Apache POI.
   For acheave to continue integration I use Jenkins, I'm using Jira as a project menagment tool.'
   I'm quick learner, detail oriented.'




Three tile architecture (DB, API, UI)

API to create the Client (POST) using Rest Assured Lib --> DB(JDBC)
API to get client information (GET) << DB (JDBC) -->
Validate api rosponse(REst-Assured) with DB(JDBC) + API response(Rest-Assured) with UI (Selenium)
API to update existing client (PUT)
API to delete the client (DELETE)


I have read about the open position at your company with big interest.
 As a skilled Full-Stack Automation Engineer with professional over 6 years’ experience,
 I am confident of my ability to make a valuable contribution into achieving your organization objectives.

challenges-> I have to understand structure API and sometime to get info I need to make a lot of POST and GET request.

Static mathods can Not be overriden but can be overloaded.
we can create static Class if it's INNER Class'
So, Yes, you can declare a class static in Java, provided the class is inside a top-level class.
 Such clauses are also known as nested classes and they can be declared static, but if you are thinking
 to make a top-level class static in Java, then its not allowed.
  If you do so, the compiler will complain saying "illegal modifier"
  for the class, only public, abstract and final are permitted.


                     ----------Tell me about your project?-------------
         it's Manufacturing drugs company. I work with Northtech Solutions they have agreement with Abbott.'
         It is Internal app. Purpose is to register patients for clinical trails
          I can tell some basic: the app has 4 sections
           1. Pation info - photo, name,city, age, location, phoneNumber, doctorName
           2. Clinical History; Medical History; Details:
           3. Drugs info: DrugName, Description, DoctorName, Ingradients
           4. Interection: if our patients related with this drugs we have to see all intteraction with another drugs
               Allergy info: if patient pregnancy we have to see what that drug can damage the baby!
         -> Non-Disclosure Agreement


                     --------- Tell me about your framework?------------
       I created my framework from scratch.
       In my framwork, I am using Java programing language with Selenium WebDriver for UI automation.
       RestAssured for API, for validate Database JDBC connection.
       I used Maven to manage and centralize my dependencies which I have in pom.xml file.
       it's BDD framework I am using Cucumber with Gherkin language' in a feature file.
       In my framework I have different Packages for ex: resources,utils,runners,stetDefinitions,Pojo,Pages.

       Under resources Package I have All my feature files. In the feature file I am using Scenario Outline
       with Exemple table,that table is a last line in my scenario,I'm using Scenario OUtline' for
       run Scenario multiple times with different set of data, also I using dataTables,
        it is runing DataTable object and I can
       convert it to Map, List , List of Map, List of List.
       In my Runner Package, I have all my runner classes,in Cucumber I have one plugin
       which called ReRun plugin,using this plugin I can run only our failed scenarios, this plugin will
       create one txt file to store feature file of our failed scenarios, using this txt file I can run
       our failed scenario for that purpose I have ReRunner class !
       Also I have another plugins for produce reports with information about our Scenario, for ex:
       pretty, progress, html, json, junit.
       Uder StepDefinitions package I have classes with all my implemented steps and here I have also Hooks class,inside
       the Hooks class I have Before and After annotations, that annotations comes from Cucumber,
       those annotations running before and after each scenario
       @Before annotation -> I use for login to the page
       @Aftere annotation -> I use it for take a screenshot if my scenario is failed.
       My framework was structured base on the Page Object Model that every page element go to one class
       and it makes easy to maintenance and to keep my code orginized and clear and reusable.
       Also I have Pojo class for sirialize and desiralize data and in the same time I'm using' Lombok liberies
       to set getter/setters/constructors using @Getter @Setter annotations.
       Under Utils Package I have diferent classes with a lot of reusable methods for ex:
         BrowserUtils,ConfigReader,Driver, ExcelUtils, JDBCUtils, PayloadUtil
       I am using Jira as bug tracking tool.
       for achieve continuous inttegration and scheduled my tests I using Jenkins.


                  To use most classes, you have to create objects.
         ----->>> An object is a runtime instance of a class in memory.
         ---->>> TestNG - HTML and XML Reports


         FunctionalInterface can have only one method (by default it is public abstract methot)


    Rest-API -> representational state transfer Aplication Programing Interface.
